Note about qemu-guest-agent for VM migrations (#570)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/about-cold-warm-migration.adoc

Cold migration is the default migration type. The source virtual machines are shut down while the data is copied.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Trying to simplify the big note into a paragraph, check if it is possible to add it in a similar format-
```suggestion
.VMware migrations
In cold migrations, where a package manager cannot be used during the migration, {project-short} does not install the daemon `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs. This has some impact on the functionality of the migrated VMs, but overall, they are still expected to function.
To enable {project-short} to automatically install `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs, ensure that your package manager can install the daemon.
For the fallback option, use your preferred automated or manual procedure to install `qemu-guest-agent` manually.
```

====

> VMware only: In cold migrations, in situations in which a package manager cannot be used during the migration, {project-short} does not install the daemon `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs. This has some impact on the functionality of the migrated VMs, but overall, they are still expected to function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For VMware: In scenarios where you cannot use a package manager during a cold migration, {project-short} does not install the `qemu-guest-agent` daemon on the migrated VMs. This impacts the functionality of the migrated VMs, but overall, the VMs function as expected.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VMware only: In cold migrations, in situations in which a package manager cannot be used during the migration, {project-short} do not install the daemon `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs. This has some impact on the functionality of the migrated VMs, but overall, they are still expected to function.
```

Author: No -- MTV "does not".

Reviewer: @RichardHoch, my bad, ignore that comment.
Is it possible to not add that information in the admonition considering the module has only one line in the abstract? 
You can use the definition list for VMware and Fallback options with a description added before it to describe the relation between these points and cold migration.

Author: @apurvabhide17 I don't understand your suggestion. {project-short} is rendered as MTV in this repo. Would you write the note differently? The note only applies to cold migrations in which the user is migrating VMs from VMware to CNV (all MTV migrations are to CNV).

Reviewer: @RichardHoch, added my suggestion related to this where the note starts.

Reviewer: @RichardHoch @shdeshpa07, how about replacing "In cold migrations, in situations in which a package manager cannot be used during the migration," with "In cold migrations, where a package manager cannot be used during the migration, [..] to avoid fluff?

> To enable {project-short} to automatically install `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs, ensure your package manager can install the daemon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable {project-short} to automatically install `qemu-guest-agent` on the migrated VMs, ensure that your package manager can install the daemon.
```

> Fallback options: Use your preferred automated or manual procedure to install `qemu-guest-agent` manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fallback option: Use your preferred automated or manual procedure to install `qemu-guest-agent` manually.
```

Author: @shdeshpa07 : How about "Fallback option: Install `qemu-guest agent` using your preferred manual or automated procedure."?
